# 2022-JD-Advanced-Data-Management
**Course Description**
Advanced Data Management enables organizations to extract and analyze raw data. Skillful data management allows organizations to discover and explore data in ways that uncover trends, issues, and their root causes. In turn, businesses are better equipped to capitalize on opportunities and more accurately plan for the future. As organizations continue to extract larger and more detailed volumes of data, the need is rapidly growing for IT professionals possessing data management skills. These skills include performing advanced relational data modeling as well as designing data marts, lakes, and warehouses. This course will empower software developers with the skills to build business logic at the database layer to employ more stability and higher data-processing speeds. Data analysts will gain the ability to automate common tasks to summarize and integrate data as they prepare it for analysis. Data Management is a prerequisite for this course.

**Final Project - Scenario**
This task defines a report as a collection of data that answers a real-world business question. The report contains two distinct sections that differ in the granularity of the data they present and how directly they support the answering of the business question of interest. The Detailed section will contain all data that informs the answers to the question, and the Summary section will include relevant aggregated data that provide the answer to the business question. For example, if the business question of interest in the context of a computer factory is focused on the number of the computers manufactured in the past six months, the detailed portion of a report could contain details on each individual computer made, while the summary portion contains only the total number of computers made in each factory.

Your business question must rely on the aggregation of data. In this task, the summary data will be automatically created from the detailed data.

**Business Question**
Stakeholders and businesses appreciate revenue and efficiency; therefore, a report that finds the stores with the most rentals per staff member would be an excellent way for the business and its stakeholders to make sure stores are adequately staffed and producing sales as expected. This report would calculate the average sales per staff member by store and display the results in an easily digestible and comparable fashion.
